Scheduled Process: 0, Priority:0
Scheduled Process: 1, Priority:1
Scheduled Process: 2, Priority:2
Scheduled Process: 3, Priority:3
Scheduled Process: 4, Priority:0
Scheduled Process: 5, Priority:1
Scheduled Process: 6, Priority:2
Scheduled Process: 7, Priority:3
Scheduled Process: 8, Priority:0
Scheduled Process: 9, Priority:1
there are still more processes
time in root is now: 4
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
there are still more processes
time in root is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time in root is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time in root is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
Scheduled Process: 10, Priority:2
Scheduled Process: 11, Priority:3
Scheduled Process: 12, Priority:0
Scheduled Process: 13, Priority:1
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 10 executed
Process 10 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 11 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 10 executed
Process 10 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 11 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 10 executed
Process 10 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 11 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 10 executed
Process 10 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 11 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 10 executed
Process 10 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 11 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 10 executed
Process 10 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 11 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 10 executed
Process 10 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 11 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 10 executed
Process 10 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 11 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 10 executed
Process 10 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 11 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 10 executed
Process 10 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 11 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 10 executed
Process 10 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 11 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 10 executed
Process 10 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 11 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 10 executed
Process 10 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 11 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 10 executed
Process 10 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 11 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
Process 0 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
Process 4 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 10 executed
Process 10 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 11 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
Process 8 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 0 executed
Process 0 Finished
Process 0 executed
Process 0 Finished
Process 0 executed
Process 0 Finished
Process 0 executed
Process 0 Finished
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 10 executed
Process 10 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 11 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 4 executed
Process 4 Finished
Process 4 executed
Process 4 Finished
Process 4 executed
Process 4 Finished
Process 4 executed
Process 4 Finished
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 8 executed
Process 8 Finished
Process 8 executed
Process 8 Finished
Process 8 executed
Process 8 Finished
Process 8 executed
Process 8 Finished
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 10 executed
Process 10 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 11 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 10 executed
Process 10 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 11 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 10 executed
Process 10 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 11 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 10 executed
Process 10 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 11 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
Process 5 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
Process 9 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 6 executed
Process 6 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 7 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
Process 12 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
Process 1 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 10 executed
Process 10 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 11 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 4
Process 12 executed
Process 12 Finished
Process 12 executed
Process 12 Finished
Process 12 executed
Process 12 Finished
Process 12 executed
Process 12 Finished
there are still more processes
time is now: 3
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
Process 13 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 2
Process 2 executed
Process 2 executed
there are still more processes
time is now: 1
Process 3 executed
there are still more processes
The queue with index: 0 is null
NULL Process, something went wrong in your code.
